What did you see?
Paul.
There's a crusade coming.
Do you often dream things that happen
just as you dream them?
No.
I don't.
Just as you dream them?
Yes.
The test is simple.
Remove your hand from the box
and you die.
Once in a box.
Pain.
You inherit too much power.
You have proven you can rule yourself.
Now you must learn to rule others.
Something none of your ancestors learned.
My father rules an entire planet.
He's losing it.
He's getting a richer one.
He'll lose that one too.
Arrakis is a death trap.
I'll kill them.
This is an extermination.
They're picking my family off one by one.
Let's fight like demons.
An animal caught in a trap
will gnaw off its own leg to escape.
What will you do?
Paul.
I know you.
One day
the legend will be born.
All of civilization depends on it.
The future.
I can see it.
I must not fear.
Fear is the mind killer.
Hello Duke.
Where the fear is gone
only I will remain.
Go, go, go!
THE END